# Changelog

The changelog is found below:

## 0.3.1

* Upgrade to Blazor final 3.2.0

## 0.3.0

* Added tracking and reactivity to RenderFragments.
* Removed preview designation.

## 0.2.0-preview6

* Changed threading API to make it possible to skip scheduling of actions if already on the right SynchronizationContext.

## 0.2.0-preview5

* Bugfix for RxObserver where exception handler was mandatory and a subscription was not disposed.

## 0.2.0-preview4

* Upgraded to .NET core 3.1.3 and Blazor 3.2.0-preview3

## 0.2.0-preview2

* Added the ability to get the underlying Observable from a property or collection of a weaved object.
* Upgraded to .NET core 3.1.2 and Blazor 3.2.0-preview2

## 0.2.0-preview1

* Added Server Side Blazor Sample
* Added DynamicData support for collections

## 0.2.0-preview1

* Upgrade to Blazor 3.2.0-preview1

## 0.1.0-preview10

* Fixed a bug where weaving of async actions in Release builds would fail. (#28).

## 0.1.0-preview9

* Autogenerated Public Properties with private setters are weaved as well now
  when the ObservableAttribute is applies to an entire class.
* Added a Refill extension method to automatically clear and refill an
  observable collection with new entries.

## 0.1.0-preview8

* Bugfix in BindDependencies. Collection Modified while enumerating.

## 0.1.0-preview7

* Added Rx interoperability.
* Bugfix OpCodeselector
* Update to preview4 for blazor.

## 0.1.0-preview3

* Implemented 'When'
* Implemented ObservableDictionary and ObservableSet
* New unit tests
* Fixed reentrancybug in computed
* New extension methods to create observables and computeds
* Implemented Box
* Implemented asynchronous weaved actions.

## 0.1.0-preview2

* Fixed a bug where fody would not pick up the weaver.
* Fixed a bug where fody would throw an exception when the Cortex.NET reference is optimized away in an empty project.
* Upgraded to .NET Core 3.1.0-preview3

## 0.1.0-preview

* Pre Alpha version. Is able to run the todomvc sample.